there's a completely redesigned patient
car and then a certain cocktail which is
actually pretty much the same
structurally and that's by design so now
we have is you know the biggest thing
that I look at is annotation car is
that's actually a cool it so it's almost
like a boom now Francisco but it has the
ability to turn a room if needed so what
you'll see is the robot can be driven in
the same same spot every single time but
it can be docked anywhere around
stations the mobile connections moving
spin around you know also going to more
detail but the camera is actually as
small as your laparoscopic camera and
the optics are actually on the tip of
the ESCO Center said if the name is name
so what enables the names you to Port
hop in any of the different boards
during the seizure perspective is
different so now I'll have you guys all
come to the back of the system you know
the other things you notice is that we
passed with the with the newer arms and
the patient cart you're going to
actually be able to have multiple multi
fork or quadrant access with a single
time so you're going to be able to work
around the patient I'll show you exactly
how that works so what we did is we
selected just adjust for basic
demonstration purposes upper abdominal
we're driving it from the patient's
right hand side so now what I have here
is I can actually move it move the cart
it's about 600 pounds heavier than the
prior system and the reason is that the
mobile coolers in the community
great balance here so now I can press
bolt to press both buttons push it
forward now what you can see is actually
a laser target so it's going to show you
actually where you want to put your your
your cannula your initial targeted
cannula is where we're going to we're
going to get the crosshair
when we drive it in prior prior driving
and what we're going to do and when a
deploy for docking I hold this button
down here consider walk it's the voice
activation here walks I can give you
kind of crosses two steps that we need
okay so now we have somebody help me
actually I'm going to come in and drive
over this port here somebody probably
directed for just one right here
and over the crosshairs now tell me what
there you go right there
how's that looking tap it okay okay okay
perfect so now we come over there as you
can see you know I think that they're
smaller thinner arms so it minimizes the
abilities that you don't have those
collisions you have see colorectal
procedure you know and have it refine
the docking so then you also have you
have the ability to look at the docking
in the bottom we streamline so you have
here it is a more fitting for this so I
can grab your call to grab a new
function that's what I do like a move in
here and I'm going to dock this arm
right here so now it hold it just like a
remote later traditionally I let go and
then I hold down this tab and I just the
poor flush button right here and I dock
that arm
so what's it thought now installed and
asked me to install the endoscope and
now this endoscope basically is like we
said it's a form factor the same as all
the other all the other courts so we
could put it into any any any port so
now what I do is I insert it in 2050 up
at the target Anatomy and press and hold
the targeting button so now a corny
let's say this pod down here is the
target so if I find that target I have
it there then what I do is I stabilize
the cannula
and I press this button on my scope and
it's going to move the arms so they're
perfectly placed to to God I can
complete connect the rest of the arms so
now I do just like grab here grab and
move calm down and dock make sure that
just like any traditional robotics we're
going to make sure we're in it we're in
the remote center there lock this arm
grab and move as you can see the docking
can be extremely efficient make sure
that I dock this one
so now the instruments are actually the
housing is going to be thinner and it's
also 2 inches longer so you have
actually more reach than you've ever had
before and the the scope and the
instruments of yester they're all 2
inches longer yep so you have a longer
scope 2 inches longer than the in the 8
they'd have a scrub so then I went for
these instrument centers and then I'll
go through another function that will go
to console now for those of you that
currently do robotics we talked about
driving in the patient car and having
potentially not being able to clear the
patient with the arms being in the way
so it's a call that was application
clearance button here which enables you
to actually not just the arms to move
out of the way a patient you also have
the opposite of that which is the robot
traditionally had worked well away from
he'll now with this does when we make
that adjustment it allows the robot to
actually work away from itself this way
like it like it never has before so it
allows for prophecy for more access
within the patient so now we'll do a
demonstration watch and have dr. Maas
Park are on there we'll have you'll be
able to go to multiple projects within
patient on a single doc now obviously we
also see that the ports are much closer
so it's a more forgiving port placement
based on the instructions so now
it's just that they're recording us
because you still need a nurse to go
turning on me native yeah